content/resume.md, before:

+++
id = "resume"
layout = "landing"
+++
{{% blank-space-fix %}}

# TL;DR

* I am here to improve the (often woeful) state of software engineering using tools, data, and an equal respect for past and future. I've guided both teams and organizations to #ZeroBugs and continuous, easy delivery.
* I lead using data before influence, and influence before authority.

# Timeline

{{< timeline from="1999" to="2024" >}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2022" category="success-1" %}}
Huge success!
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-range from="1999" to="2010" category="era" %}}
Master Coding and Delivery
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2010" to="2015" category="era" %}}
Master Legacy Code
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2015" to="2023" category="era" %}}
Lead & Mentor Legacy Code Saves
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2022" to="2024" category="role deep" %}}
#### Eolus.ai
### Tech Founder

Lean Startup
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2020" to="2022" category="role deep" %}}
#### Clinisys
### Principal Architect

Legacy recovery in regulated industry
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2016" to="2019" category="role deep" %}}
#### Tableau
### Staff DevOps Coach

Data-driven refactoring
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2011" to="2014" category="role deep" %}}
#### Microsoft
### Sr. Engineer

Engineering Excellence

Code in Windows, Office, Visual Studio
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2006" to="2009" category="role deep" %}}
#### BlueTech
### Sr. Developer

Extreme Programing

Mobile & web
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2004" to="2006" category="role deep" %}}
#### Critical Path Software
### Sr. Developer

DevOps in legacy code
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="1999" to="2003" category="role deep" %}}
#### Silver Platter
### CTO, Tech Lead

60 reports (as CTO)

3 products

Extreme Programming
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2013" to="2024" category="role broad" %}}
#### Deep Roots
### Distinguished Engineer

Fortune 50 clients
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2009" to="2011" category="role broad" %}}
#### Innovating Teams
### XP Consultant

Healthcare clients
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2021" to="2023" category="publish" %}}
2 Conference talks, 3 Keynotes
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2005" to="2020" category="publish" %}}
48 Conference talks on 3 continents

5 Keynotes
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2021" category="publish" %}}
Software Mender Learning Path
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2018" category="publish" %}}
Arlo's Commit Notation
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2015" category="publish" %}}
Naming as a Process
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2013" category="publish" %}}
Disciplined Refactoring
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2011" category="publish" %}}
Presentation Karaoke
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2009" category="publish" %}}
First *good* keynote
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2008" category="publish" %}}
Co-invent Kanban
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2006" category="publish" %}}
First keynote
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2005" category="publish" %}}
Publish Promiscuous Pairing paper
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-range from="1999" to="2003" category="learn" %}}
C++ (8), SQL (24)

Extreme Programming (18), CI, automation (23), TDD (23), refactoring (23), pair programming (18)

team building (15), consultative leadership (8), continuous transformation (11), team management (4)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2003" to="2009" category="learn" %}}
Python (8), C# (12), Javascript (15), Haskell (1), F# (1)

Full-stack development (17), tool building (15), incremental development (15)

systems thinking (20)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2009" to="2011" category="learn" %}}
ColdFusion (2), Erlang (1)

system evolution (12), code transformation (12)

conflict navigation and restoration (12), emotional fluency (12)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2011" to="2016" category="learn" %}}
Typescript (6), OData (4), language design (8)

architecture (8)

incremental growth (14), data-driven decision-making (10), creating a data-oriented culture (8)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2016" to="2020" category="learn" %}}
Elm (1), Hugo (7), React (2)

Lean Startup (4), gradualism (5), instructional design (7), behavioral engineering (3)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2020" to="2024" category="learn" %}}
Vue (3), Dart (1), Flutter (1), Go (1), Kotlin (1)

distributed systems (3), automating regulatory requirements (2)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{< /timeline >}}

<sup>*</sup> Skills are listed in the year learned. Each lists years of experience in parentheses.

* Code-oriented: , distributed systems.

{{% /blank-space-fix %}}

Commit message:

o F Load per-page custom scripts. Use that on the resume page to load the charts scripts.

content/resume.md, after:

+++
id = "resume"
layout = "landing"
customjs = ["https://www.gstatic.com/charts/loader.js", "resume.js"]
description = "Learn about Arlo Belshee. I am here to improve the (often woeful) state of software engineering using tools, data, and an equal respect for past and future. I've guided both teams and organizations to #ZeroBugs and continuous, easy delivery. I lead using data before influence, and influence before authority."
+++
{{% blank-space-fix %}}


# TL;DR

* I am here to improve the (often woeful) state of software engineering using tools, data, and an equal respect for past and future. I've guided both teams and organizations to #ZeroBugs and continuous, easy delivery.
* I lead using data before influence, and influence before authority.

# Timeline

{{< timeline from="1999" to="2024" >}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2022" category="success-1" %}}
Huge success!
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-range from="1999" to="2010" category="era" %}}
Master Coding and Delivery
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2010" to="2015" category="era" %}}
Master Legacy Code
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2015" to="2023" category="era" %}}
Lead & Mentor Legacy Code Saves
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2022" to="2024" category="role deep" %}}
#### Eolus.ai
### Tech Founder

Lean Startup
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2020" to="2022" category="role deep" %}}
#### Clinisys
### Principal Architect

Legacy recovery in regulated industry
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2016" to="2019" category="role deep" %}}
#### Tableau
### Staff DevOps Coach

Data-driven refactoring
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2011" to="2014" category="role deep" %}}
#### Microsoft
### Sr. Engineer

Engineering Excellence

Code in Windows, Office, Visual Studio
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2006" to="2009" category="role deep" %}}
#### BlueTech
### Sr. Developer

Extreme Programing

Mobile & web
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2004" to="2006" category="role deep" %}}
#### Critical Path Software
### Sr. Developer

DevOps in legacy code
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="1999" to="2003" category="role deep" %}}
#### Silver Platter
### CTO, Tech Lead

60 reports (as CTO)

3 products

Extreme Programming
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2013" to="2024" category="role broad" %}}
#### Deep Roots
### Distinguished Engineer

Fortune 50 clients
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2009" to="2011" category="role broad" %}}
#### Innovating Teams
### XP Consultant

Healthcare clients
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2021" to="2023" category="publish" %}}
2 Conference talks, 3 Keynotes
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2005" to="2020" category="publish" %}}
48 Conference talks on 3 continents

5 Keynotes
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2021" category="publish" %}}
Software Mender Learning Path
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2018" category="publish" %}}
Arlo's Commit Notation
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2015" category="publish" %}}
Naming as a Process
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2013" category="publish" %}}
Disciplined Refactoring
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2011" category="publish" %}}
Presentation Karaoke
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2009" category="publish" %}}
First *good* keynote
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2008" category="publish" %}}
Co-invent Kanban
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2006" category="publish" %}}
First keynote
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-entry when="2005" category="publish" %}}
Publish Promiscuous Pairing paper
{{% /timeline-entry %}}

{{% timeline-range from="1999" to="2003" category="learn" %}}
C++ (8), SQL (24)

Extreme Programming (18), CI, automation (23), TDD (23), refactoring (23), pair programming (18)

team building (15), consultative leadership (8), continuous transformation (11), team management (4)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2003" to="2009" category="learn" %}}
Python (8), C# (12), Javascript (15), Haskell (1), F# (1)

Full-stack development (17), tool building (15), incremental development (15)

systems thinking (20)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2009" to="2011" category="learn" %}}
ColdFusion (2), Erlang (1)

system evolution (12), code transformation (12)

conflict navigation and restoration (12), emotional fluency (12)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2011" to="2016" category="learn" %}}
Typescript (6), OData (4), language design (8)

architecture (8)

incremental growth (14), data-driven decision-making (10), creating a data-oriented culture (8)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2016" to="2020" category="learn" %}}
Elm (1), Hugo (7), React (2)

Lean Startup (4), gradualism (5), instructional design (7), behavioral engineering (3)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{% timeline-range from="2020" to="2024" category="learn" %}}
Vue (3), Dart (1), Flutter (1), Go (1), Kotlin (1)

distributed systems (3), automating regulatory requirements (2)
{{% /timeline-range %}}

{{< /timeline >}}

<sup>*</sup> Skills are listed in the year learned. Each lists years of experience in parentheses.

* Code-oriented: , distributed systems.

{{% /blank-space-fix %}}
